###
GET https://express-app-av98.onrender.com/class

###
GET https://express-app-av98.onrender.com/class/63ef48840fdf04fff5e41c6f

###
POST https://express-app-av98.onrender.com/class
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "courseID": "ARD01",
    "name": "Learn Arduino with Me",
    "desc": "Explore the power of programming and electronics with our Arduino class!",
    "day": "Sunday",
    "time": "1:00pm - 3:00pm",
    "tutor": "Hafiz"
}

### 
DELETE https://express-app-av98.onrender.com/class/63f04f41b33a6368f1a31d30

###
PATCH https://express-app-av98.onrender.com/class/63ef48840fdf04fff5e41c6f
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "count": 10
}
###
PATCH https://express-app-av98.onrender.com/class/63f050e6b33a6368f1a31d3d
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "desc": "Unleash your creativity with Python coding!"
}


# Discover the world of coding with Python!
# Take your first step into coding with Python.
# Python: The language of the future.
# Build your future with Python.
# Learn to code with Python: The versatile language.
# Take your coding skills to the next level with Python.
# Learn the fundamentals of coding with Python.
# From novice to expert: Master Python coding.

# "Build Your Own Website: Learn Web Coding From Scratch!"
# "Unlock Your Web Design Potential: Sign Up for Our Coding Class"
# "Get Hands-On Experience in Web Coding and Launch Your Dream Site"
# "Become a Web Developer: Join Our Coding Class and Build a Better Future"
# "Create Stunning Websites: Learn the Art of Web Coding with Our Expert Tutors"
# "From HTML to CSS: Join Our Web Coding Class and Build a Better Tomorrow"
# "Transform Your Web Design Skills: Join Our Expert-Led Coding Class Today"
# "Join Our Web Coding Class and Learn How to Build Your Own Online Presence"

# Discover the world of robotics and engineering with our Lego coding class - perfect for kids who love to build and learn.
# Bring Legos to life with code! Our Lego coding class is the perfect place for kids to get creative and learn new skills.
# Build, code, and explore with our Lego coding class - where imagination and innovation meet!

# "Bring your electronics projects to life with our Arduino class!"
# "Get hands-on experience with the world's most popular microcontroller in our Arduino class!"
# "Ready to make some cool gadgets and gizmos? Join our Arduino class and start creating!"
# "Unlock the full potential of your electronics projects with our Arduino class!"
# "Learn how to code and control electronic devices in our exciting Arduino class!"
# "Join our Arduino class and discover the limitless possibilities of coding and electronics!"
# "Build, program, and bring your imagination to life with our Arduino class!"
# "Become an expert in programming and electronics with our comprehensive Arduino class!"
# "Take the first step in becoming a maker with our fun and informative Arduino class!"